Updated Spectoscopy release notes (#28294)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.0.0/indirect_geometry.rst

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:

.. figure::  ../../images/ConvFitFull.png
   :height: 400px
   :align: center

New
###

- Simultaneous fitting has been added as an option on the convolutional, F(Q) and Msd fitting tabs in QENS Data Analysis. This allows multiple spectra from one or more reductions

>   to be fitted with parameters tied together. For more infomation on these changes see the updated documentation :ref:`Indirect Data Analysis <interface-indirect-data-analysis>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to be fitted with parameters tied together. For more information on these changes, see the updated documentation :ref:`Indirect Data Analysis <interface-indirect-data-analysis>`.
```

Improvements
############

> - On workbench an issue with plotting was slowing down mantid when some of the interfaces were open. This has been resolved speeding up many of the indirect workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On workbench a plotting related issue was slowing down Mantid when some of the interfaces were open. This issue has been resolved, speeding up many of the indirect workflows.
```

- Indirect ILL reductions for BATS and Doppler QENS modes will now flag the outputs as distributions if the data is normalised by the monitor.
- :ref:`IndirectILLReductionFWS <algm-IndirectILLReductionFWS>` will now allow for manual setting of the inelastic peak channels.
- The context menu on the fitting preview plots for Data Analysis has been temporarily disabled due to lack of communication between it and the interface causing bugs.

> - Fixed an issue which caused the Indirect Data Analysis Gui to crash when a function was changed in the I(Q, t) Fit tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue which caused the Indirect Data Analysis GUI to crash when a function was changed in the I(Q, t) Fit tab.
```
